I know you kiddies out there get cooking
Paula Deen calm I've got a new challenge
for y'all this week you know everybody
thinks they men make the best macaroni
and cheese well that's this week's
challenge I have cooked off my elbow
macaroni noodles and you always hear
that you want to cook your macaroni and
pastas al dente personally I don't like
mine el dente and especially when I'm
doing macaroni cheese now little
macaroni goes a long long way for a
recipe you'd probably want to use no
more than 2 cups of raw pasta and that
will do about 4 cups all right for this
recipe I'm going to mean butter sour
cream eggs a little bit of salt and some
milk all right so you notice not only a
couple of tables
a little salt you want to be careful
that you don't put too much though
because cheese and itself is kind of
salty and I'm just going to mix that
butter in here first and that will kind
of separate my noodles is I want to show
y'all real quickly what makes the best
branching it's called hook cheese the
finest cheese in the world for my cream
cheese I'm just gonna kind of cut this
in cubes and throw it in my macaroni and
because that macaron is hot it will help
melt it and you know you can't have too
much cheese so now I'm going to throw
some cheese in the torturing training
and this is an aged Wisconsin and you
can really do any kind of cheeses that
you like I love Greer jeans and my
friend cheese oh heck I have even used
some Swiss in here before it's getting
real gumming y'all with all that cheese
so I'm going to take my and I'm going to
beat them up so I'm gonna just beat up
our eggs or beaten up
and our secret ingredient y'all sour
cream makes it so creamy and I going to
use whatever but look at this how rich
and creamy but I'm gonna cook this like
half way young and then I'll go to the
oven and I'm going to stir it completely
and then I'll make a judgement Hall at
that time whether I feel like it needs
more milk all right so you can see how
that pasta is absorbing that meal
traditional so I can't wait to hear Oh
some of the different recipes in John
what's in here so in the oven it goes
350 1% but about 4045 minutes oh my god
you've got to turn around and let
everybody out that Paula Deen comics
ain't Brando's amazes any of us they
sent you that apron oh did they send it
to me for Brenda well Brandon I think
you're perfectly gorgeous your mommy
would be praying fine can macaroni and
cheese okay it's not much longer I'm
gonna rotate the pan about five minutes
all right young buzzer just went off on
the macaroni and cheese
that's butter all right so what we want
to do right now is top it with cheese
you
five minutes you know every time you
pull out a dish that's really worked
perfected the recipe and you know that
it's just the very best that you're
capable of doing just gives you a real
proud feeling of real sense of
accomplishment all right let's take it
out jump because I don't like my cheese
too to brown
a masterpiece the masterpiece heartless
Dickian see y'all there
you